c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\VEServer.exe.config
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\VEServer.exe
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\VEServer.pdb
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\obj\Debug\VEServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\obj\Debug\VEServer.Form1.resources
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\obj\Debug\VEServer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\obj\Debug\VEServer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\obj\Debug\VEServer.exe
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\obj\Debug\VEServer.pdb
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\MyExcelCollection.dll
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\VEClient.dll
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\VESocket.dll
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\MyExcelCollection.pdb
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\VEClient.pdb
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\VESocket.pdb
c:\users\cyy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\obj\Debug\VEServer.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\CYY\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\vesocketserver.dll
C:\Users\CYY\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\vesocketserver.pdb
C:\Users\CYY\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\downloadpath.dll
C:\Users\CYY\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\downloadpath.pdb
C:\Users\CYY\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\MyTreeView.dll
C:\Users\CYY\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\MyTreeView.pdb
C:\Users\CYY\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\OnlineClient.dll
C:\Users\CYY\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\OnlineClient.pdb
C:\Users\CYY\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VEServer\VEServer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
